c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Test Discord Bot.exe.config
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Test Discord Bot.exe
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Test Discord Bot.pdb
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\obj\Debug\Test Discord Bot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\obj\Debug\Test Discord Bot.exe
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\obj\Debug\Test Discord Bot.pdb
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\memes\1.jpg
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\memes\2.jpg
c:\users\markdavid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test Discord Bot\Test Discord Bot\bin\Debug\memes\3.jpg
